This project develops a geographical viualization of Twitter Data across the United States. This project was part of my coursework for my Structural Interpretations class.

The geographical maps indicate average sentiments of how people tweet about certain words. This project geographically maps the sentiment of any word or phrase. The maps are generated by: 
	1. Collecting public Twitter posts (Tweets) that have been tagged with geographic locations and filtering for those that contain the "cali" query term.
	2. Assigning a sentiment (positive or negative) to each Tweet, based on all of the words it contains.
	3. Aggregating Tweets by the state with the closest geographic center, and finally.
	4. Coloring each state according to the aggregate sentiment of its Tweets. Yellow means positive sentiment; blue means negative.

The key files are: 
	1. trends.py	Main project file
	2. geo.py	Geographic positions, 2-D projection equations, and geographic distance functions
	3. maps.py	Functions for drawing maps
	4. data.py	Functions for loading Twitter data from files
	5. graphics.py	A simple Python graphics library
	6. ucb.py	Utility functions
	7. data		Directory containining a database of tweets and sentiments
	8. images	Directory for generating US maps

To generate results first compile all the files. And then in your terminal enter:

python trends.py -m [WORD OR PHRASE] -t [TWEETS DATABASE FILE NAME]
-m and -f are flags to specify words and file name.
ex:
python trends.py -m chistman -t tweets2011.txt
